Good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I have some things on my heart and I appreciate every single one of you coming out so late this evening.
But as I've been praying this afternoon, driving around like I normally do, the Lord had some things to say concerning what's coming.
And so, I was just interceding for the nations, like my wife and I do, and our kids.
He opened my eyes and he said, "I want to show you some things that are coming.
It's very serious.
" And so, I'm going to go into that for you, but first, I want to show you what we stopped.
I believe in prayer.
You know, it's amazing when we come together as a body; many hands make light work.
And so, I want to play this video for you because I believe this video is a result of our prayer group here.
You know, I know there's other people praying, folks, but I believe we have a great push as a body with as many as assembled here together.
I mean, there's thousands.
I mean, the last video we had over 50,000 people praying within that two-hour period.
We had almost 300 salvations, and we give all the glory to God with that.
We started a new week now, but in last week, we had over 1,500 people get born again on this channel, and so it made me really excited.
I told Braden, I said, "We are making...
you know, like when you see those ice breakers going through there, we're busting the ice.
" And so, nobody lost their life.
And in the article, when you read about that, they lit the fuse underneath that news vehicle and it didn't go off.
It didn't go off.
So, it's faulty.
So, that's the hand of God.
We see the hand of God in motion protecting our people even whenever they may not even realize that they're being protected.
Angels unaware.
And I just want to give all the glory to God tonight.
It's something to rejoice over because we can see prayers working.
So, another thing, this is what the Lord was showing me because I just wanted to recap and show you that, because there were some people that sent that to me and I was just excited about it.
I just believe that was in Utah.
So, and we know there's much, much more.
We know by the spirit of God that there's much, much more people just like this that we're going to pray that their plans would be foiled, that the darkness would be exposed, that the light would shine, and that God would get the glory for protecting the people in these last days.
I told you, if you are in that area, if you're in these areas, that you go around pleading the blood of Jesus, applying the blood, going down the streets, praying protection over your city.
And I believe as we do this as a body, according to Ephesians, that we are seated with him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers.
I believe that if we take our place of authority, we will stop more and more of things like this in the days ahead.
So, it's exciting because the Lord told me, "You must pray for Chicago.
" Chicago is a hotspot right now.
Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, New York City, and Washington, D.
C.
Not saying that these other places are not a hotspot, but there's strategic things that the Lord showed me about these five cities that I cannot go into publicly.
It just...
yeah, I'm just never going to do that right now.
So, I just want you to be really...
have your eyes open if you live in those areas and praying over your city on a day-to-day basis.
And so, we know that the dark is getting darker and the light is getting lighter.
Now, this is what I saw today and I'm going to get into it and I'll go over the things that the Lord showed me.
And like I said, I'll try to keep this as short as possible, but I want you to hear this lady that's about to speak over...
I believe it's the...
it's not the United Nations.
I don't know what this is, but she spoke and she's saying exactly what we got in prayer.
State of the Union.
The State of the Union.
So, this is a State of the Union...
Yeah, yeah.
So, go ahead and play this lady.
And she's, I guess, some kind of boss or something.
I don't know who she is, but she says what we're praying about and what the Lord told us they were going to say.
So, I want you to hear part of this.
There was part of it that was alarming.
Needless to say, it was pretty bad.
But just play this.
Can you play some of it?
Son.
Honorable members.
What is happening in Gaza has shaken the conscience of the world.
People killed while begging for food.
Mothers holding lifeless babies.
These images are simply catastrophic.
So, I want to start with a very clear message: man-made famine can never be a weapon of war.
For the sake of the children, for the sake of humanity, this must stop.
This is also part of a more systematic shift in the last month that is simply unacceptable.
We have seen the financial suffocation of the Palestinian Authority.
The plans for settlement project in the so-called E1 area which would easily cut off the occupied West Bank from East Jerusalem, the actions and statements by the most extremist ministers of the Israeli government which incite violence.
All of this points to a clear attempt to undermine the two-state solution, to undermine the vision of a viable Palestinian state.
And we must not let this happen.
And honorable members, it truly pains me to say these words.
And I know that for many citizens, Europe's inability to agree on a common way forward is equally painful.
They are asking how much worse things must get before there is unity in response.
I understand because what is happening in Gaza is unacceptable and because Europe must lead the way, just as it has done before.
Our financial support and humanitarian aid far outweigh that of any other partner.
Our commitment to a viable Palestinian Authority is keeping the two-state solution alive and we must urge others to urgently step up, both in the region and beyond.
But of course, Europe needs to do more.
Many, many member states have moved ahead on their own.
On our side, we proposed to suspend parts of our Horizon funding, but this is stuck without a majority.
We must overcome this.
We cannot afford to be paralyzed.
And this is why I will propose a package of measures to carve out a way forward.
First, the Commission will do all that it can do on its own.
We will put our bilateral support to Israel on hold.
We will stop all payments in these areas without affecting our work with Israeli civil society or Yad Vashem.
We will make two further proposals to the council.
We will propose sanctions on the extremist ministers and on violent settlers, and we will also propose a partial suspension of the Association Agreement on trade-related matters.
I am aware it will be difficult to find majorities and I know that any action will be too much for one and too little for others.
But we must all take our own responsibility: Parliament, council, Commission.
My third point: we will set up a Palestine donor group next month, including a dedicated instrument for Gaza reconstruction.
This...
you basically get the gist of what's going on.
I don't need to keep rehearsing everything that the woman's saying and what they want to do.
But it's what the Lord told us was coming.
Everything that she's saying in front of all those people, and they're applauding, is a two-state solution.
They're coming up with a plan for a two-state solution for the week...
I believe that we'll see it unfolding in the days ahead even more, for the week of the 21st, 23rd, the main week of the UN.
And this is what they voted on on the 11th for a two-state solution to divide the land of Israel, recognizing Palestine as a state.
And so, we see the things that the Lord told us were coming in prayer on this channel months ago and it's happening.
And that's why the Lord told us, he said, "September will be a month to remember, a great acceleration.
" Watch the fig tree, which is Israel.
Watch these things in the days ahead.
And he warned us, and this is a major speech going forth in front of all these people about how to defund it, how to defund Israel, not giving them, doing all these things, and causing—talking about a two-state solution.
Well, in prayer today, as I was driving around, I saw—remember, I told you I saw, this would be sensitive to talk about, but I saw out of the Berlin area, I saw a swastika coming up out of the sky that looked like a Batman signal and it started to glow in the air.
Well, when I was interceding on behalf of this, I was like, 'Lord, what is this?
Why did you show this to me?
' He started to show me what this represented and what is going on.
I saw satanic people, the occult, that were having satanic practices in these areas, summoning the old Hitler spirit, that demonic spirit that was attached to Hitler.
They were summoning it by witchcraft.
And I saw actual human sacrifice that was taking place around an altar with a big pentagram on it.
And the Lord showed me these elitist people, this group of people that were doing these practices, summoning the demonic spirit that was on Hitler to come on a new entity to rise up war and ethnic cleansing.
A new wave of anti-Semitism is coming in a way that we've never seen before in this generation.
And as I saw these satanic practices taking place when I was praying, I saw CERN, and there were things that were attached to the hydrogen collider and CERN.
And as they were sending up the Batman signal of the swastika, it was in the spirit realm.
What the Batman symbol represented in the comic books and what we know is that was what brought Batman to that area.
It was his alert.
'We need that.
We need Batman, right?
' So the Batman symbol went up in the air.
So this was a swastika that went up in the air, and it was black, white, and red around it, and it went up as a Batman symbol over the area of Europe.
And the Lord showed me that they were summoning in the spirit a demonic wave of a Hitler-type spirit in Europe—this occult practice.
As I was praying, I could see an uprising of anarchy in France like we've not seen before, as he was the forerunner paving the way as like the boss of a two-state solution.
I told you he would till the ground.
He would till the ground and get it ready for the Antichrist to take over.
That he was the Ishmael.
A lot of people believe he's the Isaac.
That he would be the one that—you know, there's always an Ishmael.
Before the Isaac, there's the Ishmael.
He's the Ishmael.
The Isaac is being groomed in the back of a curtain, being groomed by demonic spirits.
And I saw the Isaac, and they call him the Mahdi.
He's not on the scene yet to the point where what we see of the Ishmael.
He'll till the ground.
He's getting it ready.
He's getting it ready for the Antichrist to take over in the days ahead.
But the Lord showed me great civil unrest coming in Europe.
And I'll play you some of the clips that are just the beginning right now.
Do you have it?
Can you do it?
This is what's happening in France, I guess, this week.
If you live in France and you can verify this, we'd appreciate it.
But from what I understand, everything the Lord is showing me is coming to pass with great anti-rhetoric against the government.
And it's bad.
But the Lord said this is just the beginning; it would start to increase.
So you can stop it.
So as we see these events taking place, this is what the Lord is warning us.
And as I was watching out of Germany, I saw another in the days ahead, but I saw an attempt on Benjamin's life—major—I have to be careful how I say this—plots and plans.
That's a good way to say.
'Hey, mute your side, Braden.
I don't want to hear me talking.
' I saw major plots and plans to take down Israel's government in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for the peace over this area because it's tried to bring instability.
' And so as I was praying over Israel's government and them making the right choices because of all the anti-Semitism that will rise up in the days ahead, when you see the week of the 20th, that week of—what is it, the main event?
It's one of the major events in the UN on the 22nd, 23rd, 24th, 25th, its high week or whatever they call it.
They're going to make some big decisions.
And so, the Lord said, 'Pray over that.
' So, then as I was praying into that, I saw them practicing demonic witchcraft.
They were sacrificing a human.
I actually saw a human.
It was demonic.
Everything I was seeing was demonic of what they were doing to conjure up through human sacrifice a Hitler spirit to come over Europe.
And then I saw war break out in a greater measure.
Oh, thank you, Holy Spirit.
I saw Italy divided.
I'm talking about a major earthquake hits Italy.
And as it hits Italy, it strikes the Vatican.
And the walls of the Vatican—there's walls in the Vatican that get massive cracks.
Massive cracks are going to split the foundation of the Vatican in the days ahead.
And this is symbolic for what's about to take place for a major outpouring of the Spirit of God on the Catholic people, for a great shaking is coming to the Vatican.
And I saw the very foundation and buildings in that area where they have all their buildings there and where the Pope lives.
I saw it being shaken to the point where there were cracks in the buildings and they had to vacate because it was not safe to be in them.
They were uninhabitable in certain buildings in the Vatican because of the old structure.
They're old buildings.
And when it happens, I saw splits in the foundation and in the walls that were big.
And the Lord told me it was symbolic, similar to when Jesus died and the curtain was rent.
You know how it rent; it was ripped from top to bottom.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
There's a great shaking that's going to take place in the Vatican in the days ahead with a major earthquake, and it will be symbolic of a new movement that will come upon the Catholic people, and a major outpouring of the Spirit of God will show up in this generation like we've never seen before, and revival will hit the Catholic Church.
That's what I saw.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'I'm going to visit the Catholic people, Braden.
There's going to be a major revival in the Catholic Church.
There's going to be some doctrine issues that are going to be set straight.
Some cleansing of the house.
' And the Lord showed me this.
I don't know how long the revival lasts, you all, but I'm telling you, it's coming.
A great, great harvest of souls around this world.
And there's 1.
4 billion Catholics throughout the whole world.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, they're one of the—it's the major hub of religion of what represents Christianity around the world.
And in this, I will visit the Catholic people with a major move of my spirit upon the Catholic Church, and people are going to get radically born again.
They're going to get radically transformed by the Spirit of God.
You're going to see it—it's glorious.
' But I saw a shaking coming to Italy, and it was almost like it was divided.
It was such a great shaking.
And I don't know if that's symbolically or an actual earthquake, but I'm telling you, I saw the Vatican have massive cracks in the walls, so much so that they didn't feel safe to be in those rooms anymore and they had to evacuate.
So I saw a lot.
Then the Lord showed me a major—I'll be careful with this.
I am not a financial adviser.
I'm not a financial adviser.
I tell you what I see when I pray, and this is not financial advice.
I'm not telling you to invest in or do anything with.
I'm just trying to tell you I've seen something coming.
And this is me just being a watchman.
You do what you want to do with what I've been told.
But I'm not telling you to invest or not to invest.
I'm telling you what I've seen.
Okay?
You pray about it yourself.
That's what it is—it's a call to prayer.
It's not a call to tell you to do anything.
But I saw, and I'm just going to be careful how I say it because I have so many people watching me.
I saw in the days ahead a new Michael Saylor coming on for a certain cryptocurrency, sponsoring it, and being a mouthpiece to a certain cryptocurrency in the days ahead like a Michael Saylor was to Bitcoin.
And this will be—if I say it, I won't say how I saw it happening.
What do you think?
Because I won't give all of it, but I'll give a piece.
Okay.
This man is in the Hamptons.
I saw the Hamptons and the Lord spoke to me specifically about this man, and he is a tech guy.
This man will become more of—it's almost like a Mark Cuban, how he does tech—and he will radically sponsor Solana.
He will radically sponsor Solana is what I saw him do, and he will be a mouthpiece like Michael Saylor was to Bitcoin, and this person will rise up in the days ahead and really say a lot about Solana, and I don't know why he picked that one.
I don't understand it.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
I saw this man really coming out like a Michael Saylor concerning Solana, and like I said, I'm not going to go into the rest of it, but I saw strategic things of investment and things that were attached to this with certain companies, and I saw the price target.
I saw it all.
The Lord showed me what was coming, and I'm telling you this man will become a major mouthpiece and he's in the Hampton area.
He has a house in the Hamptons as the Lord showed me, because I saw it was very detailed, everything the Lord showed me concerning this.
I saw a certain cryptocurrency that will be used for a two-layer protection concerning—it's a two-layer protection.
One layer was spiky, the other layer was a backup layer for AI hacking.
It was a way to be like, you know, how McAfee was like, you know, you download this on your computer and it protects you from having antivirus, all this from hackers or whatever, it tries to protect you.
Well, this certain cryptocurrency would be a buddy to others and it was a two-layer protection.
And it was not able to be penetrated for banks to use it for a way of protecting their clients' information.
There are very embarrassing moments that are coming to banks in the days ahead.
Major banks.
I will not name the banks because then they'll say you're trying to defraud us.
I'm not.
But there were major banks, four in particular, that will have cyber breaches that will be very embarrassing to them, leaking clients' information and stealing money out of accounts by fraud on a deep level.
And they'll try to cover it up because it's very embarrassing because they breached their wall.
And the Lord said they will use in the days ahead, they will use AI to do this.
It will be a form of another level of what we're about to see.
The Lord said, 'of a beast system.
This is no longer safe.
' So we need this, and we need this to protect us.
So they use these certain cryptos.
It's the technology—the Lord always said to me, he said, 'Brandon, follow their function.
Follow the function.
If they have a function and they provide a service, follow it.
Educate yourself.
' He said, 'Do not become dumb when it comes to things.
What does this function have to do to protect or provide a service for that?
' And it's two walls of layer of protection that are impenetrable.
So that's what the Lord was showing me, and he said embarrassing moments are coming: cyber breaches concerning personal data, and it will be in the news concerning social security numbers, bank account information, and private information concerning four major banks, one in particular that will be very pronounced in the news, and it will be embarrassing for them.
So they'll have a problem and then they'll have a solution coming, and the solution is an opportunity to become wealthy.
So I've said enough.
But I tell you these things because I get this stuff by the spirit of God.
And He tells me to pray for it, and He warns me.
He said, 'Nothing is done in this earth until He reveals it to the prophetic voices first.
' And I've warned you.
I don't believe I'm a prophetic voice; I'm a watchman.
I'll say it and say it a thousand times.
I believe what our job is to do on this platform is to pray.
I know there's a lot of other people that call themselves prophet so-and-so and prophet this and that.
Folks, that's not Brandon.
I've never been—I'm not a self-appointed prophet.
I've never had an elder come on and say, 'Brandon, I've called you, laid hands on you.
God's appointed you for such a time as this to be a prophetic voice to the nations.
' And I don't want to be self-proclaimed.
The Lord told me, 'You go on and pray.
' And every one of us are called to pray.
And I feel that the Lord has given me these visions to warn the people of what's coming to pray and intercede for the nations.
And so far, we see what the Lord is showing us in the news before it happens.
And so I look for fruit.
If there's no fruit, you're flaky.
Sit down and shut up, you know.
But everybody's called to pray.
But I don't want to be a person that's a distraction in any area, especially on YouTube.
There's too much static.
There's too much.
Everybody's got a word; everybody's got something to say.
My word of what I want to tell you is, let's pray.
If I bring something to you and it witnesses with you of what the Lord is telling me, that we're being propelled into another stratosphere of the end times in these last seconds.
I hear all kinds of people have said to me, 'Brandon, you are such a false prophet,' and all this stuff, and I'm like, I never claimed to be a prophet.
All I come to believe is, I'm going to tell you all, is I'm called to pray.
If you want to pray with me, fine.
I love to pray with y'all.
But either way, I'm going to pray on my own, and I'll get these, and I'll put it down, and whenever you see me in the Hamptons and I'm witnessing to the people up there, then don't get mad at me.
But either way, I'm going to do what God's called me to do.
And I know that He's called me to witness to the rich and to tell them they need to repent and get their hearts right before God before it's too late.
They won't listen to somebody who is broke.
Do you understand?
And God is reaching out to everybody.
And I believe with all my heart He's raising up people that have influence with finances to say, 'Listen, God has a way for you to get born again.
And you need to repent regardless.
' He's called to the rich and He's called to the poor.
He's called to the middle class, but He's called to everybody to get them born again because He said, 'I don't want any man to perish, but all come to repentance.
' And there's a lot of people who get ticked off about that.
But to me, I'm just a person on YouTube that prays.
And if you want to pray with me, fine.
If you don't, fine.
But I'm just telling you what's coming and what I feel the Lord has told me.
But I feel the anointing of the Holy Spirit right now.
That's why I go—isn't that interesting?
But just on things like this, I feel His presence so dear, so strong tonight again as I've been praying over the finances in particular, Wednesday.
Wednesday, the Lord spoke to me specifically.
He said, "Wednesday is a big day.
Pray.
Wednesday of this week is a big day.
" He told me that when I was driving out.
I was praying in the spirit, and he said Wednesday.
And in less than 48 hours will be the beginning of the wave.
You'll see this.
Pray over this.
Pray into this.
This is Satan's wheelhouse.
Do you understand?
He is the god over this world of finances, concerning finances, and he's able to manipulate, and he does his little puppet games.
So we don't let up off the gas when you see any kind of breakthrough.
You keep making it a greasy spot.
You keep hitting it until it becomes a greasy spot in the spirit realm.
You go, "Well, we got a little victory, brother.
I'm going to let up off the rope.
" No, you're foolish.
Keep hitting it until it's a greasy spot.
I never, at the first sign of victory of anything when it comes to any breakthrough in my life, do I give up and go, "Well, it's time to let go.
We won.
Hallelujah!
" I don't do that ever.
You keep hitting it until it doesn't exist anymore and another level—you know what I'm saying?
You know you got the victory.
And so I want you to believe bigger.
Believe bigger in these last days.
Believe for bigger.
God wants to show up and show off in your life.
As I saw Trump declare that he will stand with Israel, I saw a window of opportunity that the Lord said, "I'm breathing on the Abrahamic covenant like this generation has never seen before.
" I'm breathing on the Abrahamic covenant, Brandon, and you will see great blessing on those that bless him versus those that curse him.
And he said, "Remember what I told you: five levels of shaking.
" Not all people will experience the same shaking.
Some, it will be politics,.
Some will be in the earth with the crust, the shaking of the earth.
Finances shaking—with finances like with Canada and the things I've seen concerning Canada, shaking of the finances.
Shaking in the church—Italy, the Vatican, all that thing.
Shaking of the church, shaking in the land, shaking in the heavens.
But altogether a fivefold shaking, five major shakings will take place all at the same time.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
So we are seeing that manifest, and the time of the point of no return, I believe, is coming in the next couple of days, in the next couple of weeks, when we get to Rosh Hashanah.
Pay attention to this time frame.
Pay attention to the Feast of Trumpets.
Pay attention to it.
I'm telling you, this is something significant in the spirit realm.
And that's when I saw fire on the days after.
Fire—those days on a calendar became lit up with fire and they started burning, and I saw trouble coming to America.
And that's when I heard the angels—remember when I told you I heard there's decisions, anti-Semitism, we see all this stuff.
But that's when the Lord said, "Brandon, you're going to see blessing upon Donald Trump's thinking.
You're going to see blessing on Donald Trump's thinking.
You have a window of opportunity.
" He keeps talking about, "For a harvest, you have a window of opportunity.
" How does that line up with everything?
I told everybody.
Do you understand?
You can see good and bad at the same time with where we are in the end times.
A rising up of anti-Semitism, a rising up of war.
You can see rumors of wars.
You can see all—you can see the glorious church.
You can see the people running to Jesus with what happened this last week with this tragic event.
People are going to church, but you have craziness happening and the glory happening at the exact same time.
And people go, "Well, how are we going to see this, Brandon?
That doesn't make any sense.
" Well, nothing ever makes sense in the spirit realm.
I'm telling you, if you're thinking natural, the natural man perceiveth not the things of God.
The Bible already told us that the natural man's not going to perceive it.
You can't be thinking in the natural.
You have to be thinking spirit-minded.
I'm led by my spirit, not led by my flesh.
I refuse to be a fleshy person.
I want to be a spirit person, led by the Holy Ghost concerning everything.
So, as the days get darker, the church is going to get brighter.
The true church, the true ekklesia, the true body of believers, the true church that has a backbone like a crowbar that says, "Satan, thus far, no further.
You are not going to do this.
" The Erica's rising up and saying, "I'm taking my husband's legacy and I'm going to make his name great in this earth with Jesus, right?
I'm not going to let it die.
" Not making his name great again, but making Jesus's name great because of what her husband said.
I reframe that, okay?
Forgive me.
But I'm saying making Jesus's name great through their ministry.
It's not making man's name great in every area.
So, like I said, backtrack that.
But just saying God is about to show up and show off in people's lives that just say yes, that just say yes, "Here am I.
" And that's why you're going to see darkness.
You're going to see shaking.
You're going to see a virus that's about to come on the scene in about a year or so ahead, two years from now.
You'll see a virus come on the scene.
You're going to see all these major shakings because we are in the end of the end.
And what did he say was going to happen?
There'll be wars.
There'll be rumors of wars.
There'll be plagues.
There'll be pestilence.
There'll be famine.
There'll be all these things.
For this is the beginning of sorrows.
But the time is not yet.
It's not yet.
But the gospel must be preached to all the nations as a witness, and then the end will come.
And I'm telling you, North Korea and a lot of people in China and in Asia, the Lord said, "I have not forgotten you.
" That's what he said to me.
"I have not forgotten them.
" There'll be a major harvest in North Korea.
There'll be a major harvest in Asia all around because those people feel that they have been forgotten.
"What about us?
" And the Lord said, "Brandon, a major harvest of souls is coming, and the Iron Curtain is coming down in North Korea, and I will deal with Kim.
I will deal with his sister, and I will deal with this, and it will be a window of opportunity for the church to bring in the harvest.
It won't last forever.
It won't be a big window, but it will be a window.
" Nevertheless, I want you to believe big with me, to believe God for this harvest of souls.
Do you understand?
The Lord doesn't want any of these people to go to hell.
Just as much as you love your child, he loves them, too.
He loves them even with a greater love than what you ever can imagine.
You didn't die for your child by choice, by saying, "Whip me, beat me, hang me, do all these things with my arms.
" He did it all because he loved you.
He died on that cross for every single one of us.
For God so loved the world that he gave.
He gave it freely.
"I give you my son.
I give you the opportunity," because without Jesus, none of us would have had the opportunity.
We are saved by grace through faith.
And thank God he died for every single one of us, or we would all be facing hell.
Thank God for Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus, for coming and dying for me.
He paid the ultimate price for you to walk in victory in your life.
And as we see the days approaching, they're getting darker.
As labor pains upon a woman, they're getting darker and darker, and we see it.
Look at the lady there, what she said just a couple of minutes ago when I played that video for you.
"We must have a two-state solution.
" And all the things she's saying, I'm like, okay, I see what you're saying, but we don't want that.
No, we don't want that.
We want peace.
We don't want to do that.
We want to bless Israel.
I didn't say bless the government.
I'm not always taking up for everything the government always does.
Well, you're Mossad.
I've been told I'm 'miss whatever this is'.
'You're Mossad.
You're this,' folks.
Come on.
Let the elevator go to the top.
I'm Brandon.
I sit behind a computer, and I pray, and I tell y'all what Jesus tells me to tell you.
And I pray when we pray together.
I'm a guy that's just as normal, just as you are, who has said yes.
I don't work for the CIA.
I don't work for any kind of intelligence agency trying to cause propaganda in the government, or—I've been told all kinds of weird stuff.
I just go, 'Come on, man.
' Do you understand?
God speaks to his people and he warns you what's to come.
There has had to be some kind of—it's not being special.
It's just anybody who spends time with him.
Do you understand?
He loves every single one of us the same, and he loves us unconditionally, and he wants you to have a good life.
So, that's what I really had for you.
I went a lot longer than probably what I should have, but it's now almost...
And I just wanted to encourage y'all first off about the video ahead, the first video we played tonight, that we're making an impact.
I believe in darkness we're making an impact, that we're able to change things through the power of prayer.
And when the Lord reveals to us there's attacks coming, and he warns us that there are major shakings in ten major cities with ten major shakings in these cities—that these men might have been a part of that, I don't know.
Their names were kind of weird.
Didn't sound like they were American names, you know.
It sounded like they were people who infiltrated the border and came over here illegally and have evil plans and evil intentions against us, trying to kill, steal, and destroy.
Didn't sound like they were like Bubba or Jethro or any of those names.
Where were they from?
'We're from the South.
' No, they didn't.
I don't remember.
It sounded like you could say it like you're hawking a hot loogie or whatever it was.
I mean, it didn't sound like Jethro or something like that.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, I just tried to be real with y'all.
Let's just be real.
So, I love you.
Let's pray.
You want to pray a little bit?
We'll pray over our nation.
Probably—I don't know why I say so.
I saw your eyes get big like, 'Oh my god.
' It was Ahmad or whatever.
It wasn't like Bubba or our cousin and them, 'What's he doing out there, Bubba?
' No, it's like it's a Hamad or Muhammad.
All right, let's go.
Father, I just thank you for your body that was broken for us.
How many people are even watching this?
Is that quite a few?
Okay.
Well, let's just pray together.
All right.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are just here to be a vessel for you to work through.
Just being real, Lord.
And we're just people that are hungry, that are just average Joes that say, 'Father, here am I.
Use me.
' The blue-collar, the white-collar, working together to get the job done because Jesus Christ is coming.
And it's all hands on deck.
Regardless if you're a burger flipper, or a toilet washer, or a ditch digger, or you're working on Wall Street—every single person, or a doctor, or a lawyer, I don't know, whatever.
I'm just saying every person is called to do something big for Jesus at the level of where you are.
No one's better than anybody else.
We're all just servants of the most high God saying, 'God, here am I.
Use me.
Here am I.
I'm hungry.
I'm thirsty.
And I want to see things change.
' Thank you, Father.
Father, for this body.
Thank you, Lord, that you've died for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm able to even take communion and do this, that it represents something in the spirit realm because Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory.
And I just want to lift up this body before you, Father, and just be real and say, 'Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for dying for me.
Thank you, Lord, for saving me so I don't have to go to a devil's hell, and I've got a place in eternity.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've got me a mansion that you're making for me right now as I speak, and you've got that place ready for me.
And the moment I leave this body, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that I don't have to go to hell.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm washed in your precious blood tonight.
We take this body in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of us tonight, over every one of them.
Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
Thank you, Lord, that we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us, and every one of us.
The blood never loses its power.
The blood covers us, and washes us, and makes us cleansed in the name of Jesus from all sin, all sickness, all disease, everything.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
And we pray over this time of prayer that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We cover this house.
We cover our minds.
We cover us.
And we only hear and see what the spirit of the Lord is telling us that we're supposed to see in Jesus' name, not messed with by any devils.
Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord.
We take the blood.
I got me—somebody blessed me with a new head shaver thing, and I got a new haircut.
Ain't that neat?
I'm already bald, folks, but it cut the sides really good.
I really liked it.
They blessed me with it.
It's a little razor thing.
I thought, 'Look at that.
' If you get any closer of a shave than that, you can almost eat off that thing.
I don't like using a razor on my head anyway because it snags and I cut my head, so I don't like doing that.
So, I shave it down.
But this man blessed me with a thing.
It went over my head, and it cleaned it all up real good.
I was like, 'Hey, I like that.
' It's shiny.
If I got in the sunlight, I'd turn my head and it would blind you for a little bit, and you're squinting.
You'd have to put on some sunglasses.
My little girl said, 'I've never seen that before, Daddy.
You're really, really bald now.
' I said, 'Yeah, it's real.
It's shiny under those lights.
Look at that, bing.
' So, all right.
Well, let's pray, y'all.
Let's pray and let's seek God a little bit before we end this, and see if he has anything for us to pray, to show us or whatever.
I've already seen a lot today.
I mean, like I said, it was the open-eyed vision through prayer this afternoon showing me all the things about crypto and all the things that were coming.
It lasted almost an hour and a half, but we took notes and everything.
And if the Lord releases me to say anymore, I will.
If not, I can't.
But there's a lot—there's a lot to this and a lot that's coming concerning the finances of the world, concerning this new industrial revolution with AI technology and a great shaking with all these things getting the beast system ready for all of it.
And a lot of people think it's just normal life, and it's not.
It's not.
The frog in the pot is heating up, and it doesn't know that it's being boiled.
It doesn't know it.
It becomes desensitized as we see the things happening with this young man, and people say, 'Is this the Great Awakening?
' It's part of the fruit of the beginning of it, and everybody says, 'Well, this is going to cause a major revival because of his passing.
' It causes people to wake up, like it did on 9/11.
But the Lord told me, he said, 'No man is going to create revival by holding a revival service.
It is birthed through prayer.
Revival comes with repentance.
Revival comes with prayer.
And many think, well, an assassination is going to cause revival.
Well, it causes people to get upset and they'll go back to church for a little bit.
But what's true revival is true repentance to turn away from your sins to fall on your face before a holy God.
Revival is birthed in prayer.
Every single revival from Azusa to Pensacola to that Welsh revival, they were birthed out of prayer.
And the Lord said, "If you look at the spots of where I told you these hot spots of where I told you were going to be revival springing forth in America, they're all praying churches.
They're all praying people.
They're praying and they're seeking Him.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and I will heal their land.
" Heal their land with revival.
It's going to be a beautiful thing.
But they humbled themselves and prayed first.
You will not cause the revival by whatever you try to make it happen.
It will be a move of God that moves from all around this world.
And you're going to see it and it's going to happen through the most unlikely people, not with the people who have an ego thinking, "Well, I've been there and I've done that and I've got the Holy Ghost on me and he's going to use me because I have a platform.
" He said, "I'm going to use the nobodies.
It won't be the people who have a huge ministry.
You're going to be so shocked and in awe of what God's about to do.
And it'll be the person who's just working behind the counter at a McDonald's that just says, "God, here am I.
" Because he's not dealing with spiritual pride and spiritual egos anymore.
"I'm so much because I've got so many people.
" And that's why the Lord said, "Stay humble.
Stay on the back row.
Keep yourself humble before me so I can use you.
If you have to go pick up a turd at the church if somebody has—I hate to be crude but it's just being real—go out there and clean a commode if you get too big of a head again.
Don't forget where you come from because I can't use you if you get a big head again.
Keep yourself humble and don't ever look at yourself as more haughty than anybody else.
Regardless of how big your platform gets or how big I use you on a day-to-day basis, remember the janitor.
Remember the poo in the plastic glove.
Don't forget it.
" And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, this revival will be birthed out of prayer.
And there's a great shaking and a humbling coming to America.
There's too much ego, too much pride, and God is shaking this land.
He will shake it to the very core.
But if you listen to him with all that's about to take place, he said, "You can ride the wave of finances to support my gospel throughout this world if you just listen to me in the days ahead.
But I will not yell my secrets to the people anymore.
" So I tell you bits and pieces of what I'm praying about.
So you pray about it, but I'm not telling you how far it goes.
And I'm not telling you who the man is.
I just tell you bits and pieces.
Just enough to get you maybe to dip in the river and to seek him.
Not for his provision, but just because it sparks curiosity with the unbeliever.
This is the way the Lord uses fishbait.
It gets you to come and click because of the title.
But the main point of why I'm on this channel is not for you to come and hear about any of that other stuff, it is to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming and you're running out of time.
It's time to repent and it's time to get right before a holy God.
True repentance means to turn before you burn.
"God, I do not want any more of this.
I want all of you.
I'm sold out for you.
" And it's so important that you all hear this.
It's so important that you realize that we're running out of time.
I pray for Europe.
I pray for the people of France and Germany for what I've seen coming.
That's the swastika and the things and the sacrifice and the witchcraft that I saw.
And my goodness, folks, there's so much darkness, and the very darkness that they are trying to channel to get, they're about to get, and they're going to lose control over it.
You don't realize when you play with fire, you get burned.
And a lot of this witchcraft and the occult that I saw, where they thought that they were controlling it and they were friends with the devil and they were conjuring up these spirits and sacrificing life and doing this thing to get a hold of the spiritual what they thought they were getting a hold of, they're going to lose control over it and it's going to bite them.
And the Lord showed me the church has to rise up and take our dominion and authority like we've never done before.
Praying, praying.
This is serious.
It's not seeker-friendly, church as usual.
I mean, church unusual, not church usual.
"Well, you know, we just go to our 30-minute service.
We have our thing.
" I'm telling you, I'm trying to wake you all up to tell you there's major stuff about to take place.
But the Lord highlighted Wednesday to me this week.
The Lord highlighted in the next 48 hours to me.
He highlighted and pray over Wednesday.
There's major decisions that will be made on Wednesday.
Major decisions will be made on Wednesday.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single person who's represented here tonight.
I thank you, Father, for this great nation.
And we thank you, Lord, that you just use each and every single one of us, Father, just the people that are just your white-collar, blue-collar workers that are just desperate for Jesus.
And we want a touch of a fresh fire.
We want to be used outside of anybody that has a huge platform, a huge following.
Father, here are we.
Just use us.
Thank you, Father, for you've called us and you've chosen us for such a time as this, that we'll be the new Esthers that will stand before the king and say, "Listen, there's a plot against your people.
There's a plot against the people.
Will you spare their life?
" Who's plotting against you?
But it took somebody with a backbone like a crowbar that stood before the king and said there's a plot against the people.
It wasn't popular.
It wasn't something that she wanted to do, but she had the guts to do it.
God will use you if you get the guts to do it and just say yes.
It's not going to be popular and it's not going to be comfortable.
Your flesh is going to squirm.
This is not comfortable for me.
Trust me, it's not something I want to do is speak in front of thousands of people and tell my personal business upon a camera on a live feed throughout the whole world.
It's not something that I wanted to do.
In fact, I begged God not to do this for over two years.
I said, "No.
" And then one day, he came to me and he said, "If you don't do this, you're coming home early.
" I said, "Surely I'm not hearing you correct.
" I got confirmation from somebody else.
And I sat there and I said, "How fair is that?
" He said, "Well, if you're not going to do what I've called you to do and you're not going to do what I've commissioned you to do, then you've finished your race.
It's done.
You can come home out of rebellion.
You'll open the door.
" I said, "I am repenting really quick.
" And so, I made my first video and I put it on YouTube, and the Lord has breathed upon this.
I thought if there's no fruit, I'm turning it off.
If nobody's going to show up and watch me pray or whatever, then forget it.
He said, "I want you to pray.
" I try to talk.
He said, "Pray.
" And I said, "Pray for these people.
Show them how to pray.
" And then I told my wife, I said, "It'll be the death of the channel if we pray on there.
Nobody's going to want to hear us praying in tongues.
" And the Lord said, "Do it.
" So, it's interesting to me.
This whole thing is so interesting.
So thank you, Father, that you use the foolish things of the world to confound the wise.
You use the foolish things.
You use the things that are not, but God!
But God, but God!
No man can take the glory for it but God.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
I pray for every single one of my brothers and sisters.
I lift them up before You, Father, that You anoint them for such a time as this; that they'll be the Esthers, they'll be the Davids, they'll be the ones that are the voice crying in the darkness.
They're the ones in the wilderness crying and saying that Jesus Christ is coming, and that You anoint them and You appoint them for such a time as this, Father, that they would have that light on their face like Moses.
And when they come down off the mountain, they have to wrap their head in a towel because they say, 'The glory of the Lord is on you and you're freaking me out.
' Thank You, Father, that the glory of the Lord rests upon our faces, upon our countenance, that the love and the light of God would shine on us so strong out of our eyes, out of the pores of our face, that people would say, 'There's something different about you.
' In the darkest hour, where the world is going to get darker and darker and the church is going to get brighter and brighter, Father, I thank You, Lord, that that light would shine upon our faces and that people would see it and say, 'What's different about you?
What is that?
What is that light?
What is that glory?
What is that presence?
I feel something.
What is that?
' And you say, 'It's Jesus.
It's God.
It's the Lord.
He's shining on me.
He's trying to pull you in.
' For no man comes to the Father unless He draws him.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto You.
' We lift You up, Lord, and we attract to deflect.
We do everything that You've told us to do because You will not share the glory with one of us.
Father, we will be like popcorn in a pan, and we will pop and pop and pop and pop throughout this nation.
It will not be something that is religious or organized, but it will be a wave of the presence of God, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, with the greatest move of the presence of God that this world has ever seen.
And it will be the wave of the glory that we've been anticipating.
And all will come to repentance because of Jesus, and the saving knowledge of the Word will go throughout the whole world, and then the end will come.
We believe, Father, that You've called us into the Kingdom for such a time as this.
I thank You, Father, for using us.
I thank You, Lord, that this is the time You've chosen us, and that the fire of God would rest upon our faces.
Our pastors, the prophets, the evangelists, the teachers, and the apostles will rise up in the name of Jesus and in the most unlikely places.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're breathing on each one of us.
You're breathing on us with a fresh anointing, breathing on us with a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost, breathing on us with a fresh presence of the fire of God.
In the midst of chaos, in the midst of turmoil, Father, we can speak and call those things that be not as though they were.
And we say, 'Peace, be still.
Peace, be still.
' For there are more with us than there are with them.
For You told me You were sending Your holy angels and a wave of the presence of God like we've never seen—a breaking point.
You said, 'We're at that breaking point.
' We're here, and the anointing of the Holy Spirit will rest upon us like You did Your disciples, Father, that when we walk by and our shadow touches people, they will get healed.
Father, when we lay hands on the sick, their arms will grow out.
When we lay hands on the blind eyes, they'll open up.
When we lay hands on the ears, they'll pop open.
Father, when we speak to the dead, they'll get up.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for we have been called to the Kingdom.
We have been called to the Kingdom for such a time as this, and we give You glory, honor, and praise.
And I thank You, Father, that we are just those vessels that say, 'Yes.
Yes, Lord.
Here am I; use me.
Here am I, Lord; use me.
' Take that coal from the altar and put it on our lips, Lord, and burn out all the uncleanness of us, Lord.
Take that coal and put it on our lips, Lord, and we speak fire.
We speak the fire.
We will decree and declare that Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming back.
Even our sons and our daughters, even the five-year-olds, they'll proclaim, 'Jesus is coming,' and have great boldness in their schools.
Thank You, Lord, that You'll call and You'll use even the babes.
Oh Lord, we praise You.
Oh Lord, we give You praise and glory for all that You've done and all that You continue to do.
And we give You honor and we give You glory.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for calling us.
I thank You, Lord, for appointing us for such a time as this, that we have that boldness to tell the people, that we don't shrink back, but we'll rise up like lions.
We'll rise up like the lions that we need to be, Father, and not be limp-wristed and weak.
Thank You, Father.
We give You praise and glory for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory on every single person who's watching this right now.
You may have a sickness in your body.
You may have a death sentence from the doctor.
But I believe there's an expiration date to everything you've been believing for.
And I believe, Father, that tonight's the expiration date for what they're believing for.
Tonight, I call them healed, whole, and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
We call them delivered.
We call their marriages restored.
Father, their marriages might be on the verge of divorce.
They might even have the papers filled out and already been served divorce papers.
But we believe, Father, that there's a turnaround, that You're the God of restoration.
And what the devil meant for bad, You'll turn it around for good.
We believe that love can be rekindled.
We believe love can be reflamed, that that old flame be fanned and become greater again.
We believe, Father, that the children who are wayward are coming home.
We call wayward children home right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we call all sex trafficking to be found and brought to justice—every pedophile, every person who's doing sex slave trades.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that there's an exposing of this darkness in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed, even when it comes to the Epstein files.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're bringing light into the darkness and You're exposing darkness, and righteousness and truth will prevail.
You're uncovering like a light, and the cockroaches may be running everywhere, but Raid's going to get them.
Holy Ghost Raid's going to get them!
And Father, there is judgment.
Seedtime and harvest, seedtime and harvest.
Father, seedtime and harvest are going to accelerate.
And whatever a man sows, that will he also reap.
We believe, Father, that there's an exposing of darkness in the name of Jesus—in these places of government, in these places of celebrities, and all this, Father.
The darkness, Father, is going to come to an exposing of darkness in Jesus' name.
Father, we praise You, Father, for bringing peace to the people's hearts, bringing peace and joy back into the homes in America, Father, for the families, the biblical, blood-washed, born-again Christian homes.
They will have joy, joy with peace, and they will have love, and they will be known by their love.
They are known by their love.
Father, we will be known by how we love one another.
We'll be known by how we love one another.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that love is king in our household.
For God is love, and love is shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Ghost.
We believe that foundation of love is in our homes.
Father, we ooze love when we go to these places and they say, 'You know, you're not judgmental.
You're not mean.
You've never one time beat me in the head with the Bible.
All you do is show me love and you're trying to tell me that I need to repent.
' Love tells people they need to repent.
Love tells people—you don't have to be mean to folks, but you just tell them the truth in love.
You tell the people the truth in love.
I believe it's 2 Corinthians 13, Father, I thank you, Lord.
Might be 1 Corinthians 13.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Love is patient, love is kind.
We're kind, and we show love today, Father, in the name of Jesus.
We pray for revival in our churches.
Thank you, Lord, for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire, and we give you all the praise and glory as they start their day, as they finish their day, wherever they are right now, all around the world.
We thank you, Father.
There are so many people watching even in Australia right now.
There are so many people watching in New Zealand and all over the place.
They're starting their day, getting their stuff going there.
I thank you, Father, for the glory of the Lord on these people today for business deals.
Father, I pray for everything they put their hands to, that it will prosper.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth, that they're blessed in the city and the field, they're blessed coming in and they're blessed going out.
Whatever they touch, they're blessed.
Father, that they'll not struggle or lack any good thing.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have more than enough.
We have overflow in our accounts.
Our bank accounts are overflowing in Jesus' name.
You are the God that has the cattle on a thousand hills.
I believe, Father, that you don't even have to cash in one of your cows.
You don't have to go up there and go, 'Well, Jesus, we got to get rid of 10,000 of them because he needs so much money.
' Father, you have the bountiful, surplus supply that never runs out.
You don't even have to cash in one of the bricks of your street, Lord.
One of your big bricks, and say, 'I got to cash in one of those bricks, Jesus.
' Nope, God is never without.
He has an abundant supply.
I believe that we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
And as He is, so are we in this world.
And Father, I thank you.
And all the people of the earth, according to Deuteronomy, shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of us.
And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity through the fruit of your body, of your livestock, and of your ground in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
And the Lord shall open to you His good treasures, the heavens, to give the rain of your land in its season, and to bless all the work of your hands.
And you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Deuteronomy 28, that we live in that blessing, that we don't have to live paycheck to paycheck, barely getting by.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said, 'Give, and it shall be given unto us: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto our bosom.
' So Father, we give you praise and glory and honor for that in the mighty name of Jesus as we close this.
And we thank you for this time of prayer.
Amen and amen.
Well, I just wanted to tell you we love you.
I came on today and I wanted to share that little bit of stuff with you.
I know I didn't pray as much as what I probably should have, but we'll pray more tomorrow.
But when we're seeing the stuff come about in the news, it's exciting.
So, I didn't want to skip a video.
I could have just skipped, but I didn't want to.
We love you.
If you could, do me a favor, please subscribe.
If you're new here and you've never been to one of our videos, we pray here.
And this is what we're believing for: a million men and women prayer army.
And I believe it's well on its way, but we need a lot more to get there.
And so if you could stick around, subscribe, click that notification bell, click the like button, comment something nice down below after this is over, because this will be going out live into the archive and we'll have no comments.
So, if you could comment on that to help boost that in the algorithm, it really would bless us.
We never want to be a burden to anybody.
We want to be a blessing to people.
And when you come here, I hope you get something that you walk away with, with your cup running over, that you've drank from the well of the river of the living water, and that God is doing something here on this channel that is imparting life into you as you're able to go from glory to glory.
I pray that you're getting something here.
I truly do.
We love you all.
We really do.
And if anybody is ever asking you for anything in the comments or down below saying it's us, we do not ask for anything.
We have things on there to say if you want to bless our family, because people have asked us.
If you want to, fine; if not, that's great.
You all just come here and pray.
We're excited that you come.
But I want you to know we'll never ask you for anything.
The people down below are scammers.
These people are ruthless.
You need to know they've come to steal your money.
So, if they're in the comment section and they're commenting something to you and they're saying, 'I want you to send me your crypto,' or 'I want you to send me your jewelry,' like this one lady said—this guy asked her for all her jewelry.
Folks, don't fall for that.
We're never going to ask you for your jewelry, never going to ask you for your crypto.
That's craziness.
These people are nuts.
And it doesn't even line up with my name, for one.
It's Last Days and they have gibberish beside it.
I'm Last Days 24/7.
I'm not all the gibberish and all the stuff they try to put by their name, trying to tell you that they're me, and they copy my picture.
Most of my day was spent putting out fires of people copying my stuff, saying that I'm saying the rapture is coming on the 23rd.
I don't believe the rapture is coming on the 23rd.
I just want to let you know that.
And there are a lot of people thinking that I do.
I do not believe that, and they're saying I do and I'm not.
So, I've got to put down the fires, say, 'Listen, hey, hold on.
' The bigger the channel gets, the more the scammers come out.
So, I just go, 'Okay.
' But all glory to Jesus.
We're so excited to have that problem.
But thank you for liking, thank you for subscribing, thank you for supporting us.
We always close the broadcast, and we'll see you again tomorrow by telling you to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.